OR THE
REGULAR OR THE SPECIAL MEETING
OF THE APPEALS FOR TODAY IS
FRIDAY, MARCH 28 25.
WE HAVE GOT COMPANY.
YES.
BOARD MEMBER PAUL DARLING, A
BOARD MEMBER ROBERT HART HERE
BOARD MEMBER KEVIN COX HERE,
BOARD MEMBER DAVID AANESTAD
ABSENT BOARD MEMBER HUGH FLAC
ABSENT BUILDING OFFICIAL MIKE
A
FIRE MARSHAL RIGHT NOW
PRESIDENT ATTORNEY JOHN ISAR
AND STAFF LIAISON JULIA HARVEY
PLEASANT.
THANK YOU.
SO PAUL REMEMBERS NEXT ON THE
AGENDA IS THE ATTORNEY GENERAL
IN AMERICA COMMENTARY ON THAT
PORTION OF THE MEETING.
NEXT ITEM IS YOUR PRIORITY
AGENDA.
>> DO YOU HAVE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THE AGENDA MOVE TO
APPROVE A SECOND OF THE DAY I
PASSED NEXT ITEM ON THE AGENDA
AT THE POOL THE MINUTES FROM
THE MARCH 20TH BY MEETING OR
ANY COMMENTS ON THOSE COMMENTS
AND CORRECTIONS NOT TO HAVE A
MOTION MOVE TO APPROVE THE
MINUTES A SECOND VOTE IN FAVOR.
I WILL PASS AS APPEALS ACTION
TO SHOW CAUSE WE HAVE ONE I
DON'T NEED THAT DAY AT SIX
TWENTY FOUR STATE STREET SO THE
PROCEDURAL PROCESS I WORK FOR
US IS FIRST OF ALL THE PURPOSE
AT THE THERE AND THEN WE'LL
HAVE THE APPLICANT COME AND
TIME YOU TAKE YOUR NAME AND
GIVE US A BRIEF SUMMARY OF YOUR
REQUEST FOR VARIANCE AND WE
WILL HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY FOR
STAFF TO RESPOND TO THAT IF
NECESSARY AND THEN THE BOARD
WILL ASK THE APPLICANT OUR
STAFF QUESTIONS.
THEN WE'LL HAVE A MOTION WE'LL
HAVE A DISCUSSION ABOUT THE
MOTION AND A VOTE.
SO LET'S START WITH OUR STAFF
ON THE PROPERTY.
SIX TWENTY SOUTH STATE
MULTIFAMILY ARE TWO BUILDINGS.
THE BUILDING PERMIT APPLICATION
WAS SUBMITTED ON 729 TWENTY
FOUR FOR WORK DESCRIBED AS A
MODIFICATION OF THE STAIRS FROM
THE FIRST FLOOR TO THE BASEMENT
PLAN SHOWS A NEW STAIRWAY
SHREDDED UP OF TEN INCHES
REPORTED AND THE SEVEN QUARTER
INCH RISE NO STAIR MEASUREMENTS
WERE ON THE PLAN INDICATING
RISE RUN OF THE EXISTING STAIR
TO BE DEMOLISHED PLAN REVIEW IT
WAS STATED SEVEN INCH MAX RISE
AND ELEVEN INCH MINIMUM TREAD
DEPTH PER SECTION TEN ELEVEN
POINT FIVE POINT TO THE STAIRS
NOT IN THE DWELLING UNIT.
THE PLAN WAS REQUIRED TO BE
REVISED BECAUSE THE STAIRS ON
THE PLAN DO NOT MEET THE
REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION TEN
ELEVEN POINT FIVE POINT TWO
OF THE TWENTY FIFTEEN MICHIGAN
BUILDING.
THE APPLICANT HAS INDICATED
THAT THEY BELIEVE THE STAIR
GEOMETRY PROVIDED ON THE PLAN
IS EQUAL TO OR BETTER IS AN
EQUAL TO OR BETTER FROM
CONSTRUCTION STAFF RECOMMENDS
THIS APPLICATION BE DENIED AS
IT DOES NOT MEET THE STANDARDS
FOR APPROVAL.
THE CODE HAS NOT BEEN
MISINTERPRETED.
THE PROVISIONS OF THE CODE DO
APPLY IN THE PROPOSED CONDITION
IS LESS SAFE THAN THE MINIMUM
REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION TEN
ELEVEN POINT FIVE POINT TWO
OF TWENTY FIFTEEN MICHIGAN.
THE BUILDING THE BASIS OF THIS
APPEAL SUGGESTS THAT ITS
PROPOSED EQUAL OR BETTER THAN
THE CODE REQUIREMENTS IS NOT
PROVEN AS SUCH BY THE
INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS
APPEAL BASED ON THE
REQUIREMENTS OF THE 2015
MICHIGAN BUILDING CODE STAFF
RECOMMENDS THE BOARD DENY THIS
REQUEST AND REQUIRE NEW
CONSTRUCTION ELEMENTS.
MEET THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
OF THE 2015 MICHIGAN BUILDING
CODE AS REQUIRED FOR EXISTING
BUILDINGS EIGHTY ONE POINT
THREE CODE SECTION ELEVEN OR
TEN ELEVEN POINT FIVE TWENTY
TWO STATES STERILIZER HIDE'S
SHALL BE SEVEN INCHES MAXIMUM
AND FOUR INCHES MINIMUM.
THE RISE OR HEIGHT SHALL BE
MEASURED VERTICALLY BETWEEN THE
NOZICK IN ADJACENT RECTANGULAR
TREAD SHALL BE 11 INCHES
MINIMUM MEASURED HORIZONTALLY
BETWEEN THE VERTICAL PLANS
OF THE FOREMOST PROJECTIONS
OF ADJACENT ADJACENT TREADS AND
THE RIGHT ANGLE TO THE TREADS
USING WINDOW TREADS SHALL HAVE
A MINIMUM DEPTH OF 11 INCHES
BETWEEN THE VERTICAL PLANS
OF THE FOREMOST PROJECTION
PROJECTION OF ADJACENT TREADS
AT THE INTERSECTION WAS
REQUIRED AT A MINIMUM TREAD
THAT THE TEN INCHES WITHIN THE
CLEAR WITH THE STAIR THE
PETITIONER STATES THE PROPERTY
OWNERS DESIRE TO INSTALL A NEW
STAIR FROM THE FIRST FLOOR TO
THE LOWER LEVEL OF THE
FRATERNITY.
THE CURRENT STAIR SYSTEM HAS
NINE INCH TREADS AND EIGHT AND
A HALF RISE OR HEIGHT AND THE
WIDTH OF THIRTY SIX INCHES.
A NEW STAIRWAY IS PROPOSED WITH
TEN AND THREE QUARTER TREADS
SEVEN AND A QUARTER RISER
HEIGHT AND THE WIDTH OF FORTY
NINE INCHES SECTION TEN ELEVEN
POINT FIVE POINT TWO REQUIRES A
MINIMUM TREAD DEPTH OF 11
INCHES AND A MAXIMUM HEIGHT
OF SEVEN INCHES.
THE BUILDING HAS CONCRETE AND
STEEL STRUCTURE A FLOOR AND
WALL COMPONENTS GIVEN THE
STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS OF THE
SPACE AVAILABLE WITHIN THE
EXISTING BUILDING ENVELOPE,
INSUFFICIENT SPACE EXISTS TO
ALLOW FOR A CODE REQUIRED STAIR
THE REQUEST VARIANCE FROM TEN
ELEVEN POINT FIVE POINT TWO TO
STEP TREADS OF TEN AND THREE
QUARTERS INCHES.
TEN INCHES WITH A THREE QUARTER
INCH KNOWS THEY'RE GOING TO
RISE THE HEIGHT OF SEVEN AND A
QUARTER INCHES STAIR SYSTEM
RECEIVES HIGH USE FROM THE
FRATERNITY MEMBERS AND GUESTS.
THE CURRENT STAIR SYSTEM IS
STEEP, NARROW AND OPEN THE
LOWER LEVEL COMMON AREAS WHICH
DOES NOT PROVIDE A FIRE
PROTECTED MEANS OF EGRESS.
THE PROPERTY OWNERS PROPOSE A
NEW STAIR SYSTEM THAT WILL BE
WIDER FORTY NINE INCHES INSTEAD
OF THIRTY SIX IMPROVE WITH TEN
AND THREE QUARTER INSTEAD
OF NINE LESS DEEP SEVEN AND A
QUARTER RISER PIPE INSTEAD
OF THE EIGHT AND A HALF INCH
RISERS AND WITH THE FIRE DOOR
AT THE TOP AND BOTTOM OF THE
STAIRS WE BELIEVE THAT THE
IMPROVED SAFETY OF THIS DESIGN
IS A BENEFIT THAT JUSTIFIES THE
VARIANCE FROM THE STATED CODE .
PORTIONS OF THE FLOOR DESCRIBED
THE STEEL AND STRUCTURE BEING
REMOVED TO AN OPEN AREA TO
INSTALL ARE BEING REMOVED IN AN
EFFORT TO OPEN AN AREA TO
INSTALL A RECONFIGURED STAIRWAY
.
THERE'S NO INDICATION ON THE
SUBMITTED PLAN MINUTE
ADJUSTMENTS TO THE STAIR
OPENING COULD NOT BE MADE TO
ACCOMMODATE COMPLIANT STAIRS.
STAIRWAY IS BEING COMPLETELY
RECONFIGURED AND AS SUCH MUST
MEET THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
OF THE 2015 MICHIGAN
RESIDENTIAL CODE THE 2015
MICHIGAN REHABILITATION
CODE FOR EXISTING BUILDINGS
LEVEL TWO ALTERATION STATES AND
ADA ONE POINT THREE THAT ALL
NEW CONSTRUCTION ELEMENTS,
COMPONENTS, SYSTEMS AND SPACES
SHALL COMPLY WITH THE
REQUIREMENTS OF THE
INTERNATIONAL BUILDING CODE .
THERE'S NO EXCEPTION GIVEN WITH
REGARDS TO THE STAIRWAY'S IN
THIS SECTION.
THEREFORE NEWLY INSTALLED
STAIRWAY'S IS REQUIRED WITHOUT
EXCEPTION TO HAVE A MAXIMUM
SEVEN INCH RISE AND A MINIMUM
ELEVEN INCH RUN WITH A NOSING
THAT IS A MAXIMUM OF ONE AND A
QUARTER INCHES WHEN MEASURED
FROM THE TREAD DEPTH SHALL BE
MEASURED HORIZONTALLY BETWEEN
THE VERTICAL PLANS OF THE FOUR
MOST PROJECTIONS OF ADJACENT
TREADS AND THEN A RIGHT ANGLE
TO THE TREAD NOSE AND THE
CONFIGURATION PROPOSED BY THE
APPLICANT DOESN'T MEET THE
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS OF THE
2015 MICHIGAN BUILDING CODE AS
ITS REQUIRED TO BY THE 2015
MICHIGAN REHABILITATION CODE .
THE APPEAL OF CLAIMS THAT THE
PROPOSED IS EQUAL TO BETTER
FORM OF CONSTRUCTION WHICH IS
NOT THE CASE BECAUSE OF STAIR
GEOMETRY PROPOSED DOES NOT MEET
THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS OF THE
CODE .
THEREFORE IT IS NOT EQUAL TO
THE CODE REQUIREMENTS THE CASE
IS MADE NO CASE IS MADE TO HOW
THE STAIR GEOMETRY THAT DOES
NOT MEET THE MINIMUM
CODE STANDARDS IS BETTER THAN
THE CODE REQUIREMENTS.
THIS APPEAL SHOULD NOT BE
APPROVED BECAUSE IT DOESN'T
MEET THE STANDARDS FOR APPROVAL
SET FORTH IN THE 2015 MICHIGAN
BUILDING CODE .
THANK YOU.
THE ANTHONY BENSIMON TAKING AIM
AND CALCULATING ABOUT YOUR
REQUEST
.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
FIRST WE THANK EVERYONE FOR
TAKING TIME OUT OF YOUR
SCHEDULES FOR THIS SPECIAL
MEETING.
WE KNOW IT WAS AN IMPOSITION
AND WE DO APPRECIATE YOU
HEARING US ON THE SITUATION.
MY NAME IS ALAN LOOTS WITH
HOUSE DESIGN BUILD CONTRACTOR
AND WITH ME IS DWIGHT
HENDRICKS, THE PROFESSIONAL
DESIGN PROFESSIONAL ON THIS
PROJECT AN ARCHITECT TO GIVE
YOU A LITTLE BIT OF BACKGROUND
AND CONTEXT FOR THIS REQUEST.
THIS PROPERTY WAS BUILT IN THE
EARLY NINETEEN HUNDREDS A
HUNDRED AND TEN YEAR OLD
BUILDING WHEN IT WAS
CONSTRUCTED IT WAS CONSTRUCTED
OF SOLID CONCRETE CONSTRUCTION
.
ALL OF THE INTERIOR AND
EXTERIOR WALLS ARE POURED
CONCRETE.
THE FLOOR STRUCTURES IN THIS
ARE CONCRETE WITH STEEL
REINFORCING BEAMS ENCASED IN
THAT CONCRETE.
THIS MAKES RELOCATION AND
CHANGES STRUCTURAL CHANGES VERY
DIFFICULT COMPARED TO OTHER
MORE TRADITIONAL FORMS
OF CONSTRUCTION LIKE WOOD FRAME
CONSTRUCTION.
>> THE OWNERS DESIRE TO PROVIDE
A STAIR SYSTEM TO THE BASEMENT
THAT IS MORE FUNCTIONAL AND
SAFER THAN WHAT IS THERE NOW.
WHAT IS THERE NOW IS A VERY
NARROW STAIRWAY WITH STEEP
STEPS AND NARROW TREADS.
THERE IS NO FIRE PROTECTION AT
THE BOTTOM OF THE STAIRS AND SO
AGAIN MAKING EGRESS DIFFICULT
IN THE CASE OF ANY SORT
OF EMERGENCY WE HAVE EXAMINED
HOW TO CREATE A STAIR SYSTEM
THAT IS AS CODE COMPLIANT AS
POSSIBLE AND THIS IS WHAT IS IS
BEFORE YOU NOW EXAMINE OTHER
OPTIONS THE STRUCTURAL CHANGES
THAT ARE NECESSARY TO WALLS.
IT WOULD BE 12 TO 14 INCHES
CONCRETE ARE SO SIGNIFICANT OR
THAT THE TO CREATE A COMPLIANT
STAIR SYSTEM WOULD RENDER THE
ROOMS NEIGHBORING THAT STAIR ON
FUNCTIONAL TO EXTEND OR CHANGE
THE WALLS INTO THOSE OTHER
CAPACITIES.
AND SO WHAT HAS BEEN PRESENTED
AS A STAIR SYSTEM THAT IS IT
DOESN'T TECHNICALLY MEET THE
ELEMENTS OF THE CODE BUT IS A
SAFER STAIR SYSTEM.
IT PROVIDES A FIRE PROTECTED
OPENING LANDING AT THE BOTTOM
AND IS VERY CLOSE TO COMPLIANT.
WE AGAIN WANT TO REITERATE THAT
WE'VE EXAMINED OTHER I'LL LET
DWIGHT SPEAK TO THIS BUT OTHER
WAYS TO CREATE A FULLY
COMPLIANT STAIR SYSTEM AND IT
WOULD BE SO INVASIVE AND
FUNCTIONAL IN SUCH A NEGATIVE
IMPACT IN THE OTHER AREAS THAT
IT MAKES IT NOT A REASONABLE
CONSIDERATION.
SO WE'RE LEFT WITH A CHOICE
OF EITHER KEEPING THIS NARROW
STEEP STAIR SYSTEM WHICH IS NOT
FIRE PROTECTED OR CREATING A
FIRE PROTECTED STAIR SYSTEM
THAT IS MORE FUNCTIONAL AND
SAFER THAN WHAT IS THERE NOW.
SO YEAH, THIS BUILDING IS
EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO MAKE
CHANGES TO ITS IT WAS LITERALLY
BUILT TO BE FIREPROOF BACK THEN
AND SO THE I SPENT I DON'T EVEN
KNOW LIKE TWO WEEKS OR THREE
WEEKS TRYING TO COME UP WITH
ANY OTHER VERSION IN ORDER TO
FIT ANY ANY VERSION OF THE
STAIR IN THERE THAT WOULD MEET
THE REGULAR CODE AND IT'S
IMPOSSIBLE JUST BECAUSE
OF WHERE THE WALLS ARE IT WOULD
IT WOULD MEAN COMPLETELY
DESTROYING THEN POSSIBLY THERE
ALTHOUGH BEARING WALLS IS THE
PROBLEM.
SO THERE REALLY IS NO WAY TO
MOVE THE THE WALLS THAT WOULD
BE REQUIRED TO MOVE IT LIKE THE
EXTRA TWO OR THREE FEET IN
ORDER TO FIT ANY OTHER VERSION
OF OF THE COMPLIANT STAIRS IN
THERE.
SO I DON'T KNOW IF YOU NEED
LIKE FORTY DIFFERENT VERSIONS
TO SEE HOW IT DOESN'T WORK BUT
IS IMPOSSIBLE.
WE'VE HAD ENGINEERS EVERYBODY
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT A WAY TO
MAKE IT STRAIGHT OR THIS WALL
OUR THERE WELL BUT BECAUSE THE
WAY THAT IT'S CONSTRUCTED
THERE'S LIKE THIS INNER CORE
OF POSTS AND SOLID
CONCRETE IN
THE MIDDLE OF THE BUILDING THE
EXISTING STAIRS ARE UP AGAINST
THAT.
SO YOU CAN THIS ONLY IS ONE
SMALL SECTION OF THAT THAT WE
CAN ENGINEER SO THAT WE CAN
REMOVE IN ORDER TO BECAUSE IT'S
LIKE NOT A MAJOR THEME IN ORDER
TO FIT THIS L SHAPE STAIR IN
THERE YOU CAN'T GO STRAIGHT
BECAUSE ABOVE THAT THERE'S A
HUGE ROOM THAT THERE'S JUST NO
WAY YOU LIKE BUNK SOMETHING
LIKE A LITTLE A LITTLE WHATEVER
YOU WANT TO CALL IT HALLWAY
INTO THE MIDDLE OF THIS HUGE
ROOM.
SO THERE'S YOU CAN'T GO UP, YOU
CAN'T GO STRAIGHT AND YOU CAN'T
GO BACKWARDS BECAUSE OF THAT
BEING WHERE THE COLUMN THE MAIN
COLUMNS THAT THAT SUPPORT THE
WHOLE BUILDING ARE.
SO THIS REALLY IS THE ONLY
VERSION THAT CAN FIT AND IT'S
SO CLOSE IT SEEMS WAY SMARTER
TO MAKE SOMETHING SAFE THAN SAY
THAT IT'S OFF BY A QUARTER
OF AN INCH AND WE'RE GOING TO I
MEAN THE EXISTING STAIRS ARE
REALLY SLIPPERY AND WE'RE JUST
LUCKY NO ONE'S FALLEN DOWN
THERE AND GOTTEN SUPER HURT
BECAUSE I'VE FALLEN DOWN THERE
MYSELF SO THEY'RE NOT GOOD.
OK, THANK YOU FOR MY BORING
.
DO YOU ACTUALLY NEED A FIRE
RATED STARE IN THAT LOCATION?
>> WELL, I MEAN IF YOU KNEW YOU
WOULD YEAH.
THERE'S THERE'S THERE'S ANOTHER
STAIR IN THE BACK BUT IF BUT
WHEN WE DID THE COMPLIANCE IN
ORDER FOR THERE TO BE YOU KNOW
THE DISTANCE FROM VIGOUROUS
THEN YEAH.
SO BUT WE CAN'T HAVE IT THERE
IS NO WAY OF DOING THAT THE WAY
IT IS NOW.
>> I UNDERSTAND THAT BUT I MEAN
IT IT CAN BE TREATED AS JUST A
COMMUNIQU ADING STARE FROM ONE
FLOOR TO THE OTHER AND CLOSE IT
OFF THE TOP THE BOTTOM OF SEVEN
ON BOTH ENDS WELL THE I MEAN
I'M GOING TO GET TO SOMETHING
ELSE I THINK YOU KNOW THE WAY
THE DOOR DISCHARGES AT THE TOP
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE TWO
DOORS AT THE BOTTOM.
I'M NOT SURE THAT AND THEY'RE
ALSO SUPPOSED TO BE HANDRAILS
ON BOTH SIDES.
I DON'T KNOW THAT YOU CAN GET
THE DOESN'T LOOK LIKE YOU CAN
GET THE EXTENSION ON THE
HANDRAILS DOWN AT THE BOTTOM
EITHER THAT MIGHT I'M NOT SURE
I'D HAVE TO LOOK AT THAT BUT
EVEN SO IT WOULD STILL BE A
MILLION TIMES SAFER THAN THE
EXISTING VERSION.
I MEAN THAT'S BASICALLY THE
WHOLE POINT OF THIS I I GUESS
IS WE'RE TRYING TO MAKE
SOMETHING I MEAN WE COULD JUST
YOU KNOW I UNDERSTAND I
UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU'RE TRYING
TO DO.
I'M JUST ASKING A QUESTION
WHETHER IT HAS TO BE A FIRE
RATED ENCLOSED STAIR WELL
BECAUSE
BECAUSE ME AS A MEANS
OF EGRESS BECAUSE IT DISCHARGES
UP THE UPPER LEVEL INTO A
HALLWAY WHICH ISN'T GRADED
EITHER.
>> MAY I SUGGEST THAT THERE
WILL STILL NEED TO BE A LANDING
AT THE BOTTOM OF THE STAIRS SO
EVEN IF THE REQUIREMENT FOR THE
FIRE RATED MEANS OF EGRESS WILL
REMOVE AND IT WILL OPEN AT THE
BOTTOM, THERE WOULD STILL NOT
IF WE MET THE CODE COMPLIANCE
OR WOULD STILL NOT BE ENOUGH
ROOM BASED ON THE ADDED RUN
OF THE STAIRS TO PROVIDE THE
LANDING AT THE LOWER LEVEL.
>> WELL I GUESS THAT'S WHAT I'M
KIND OF GETTING TO BECAUSE IF
IT'S JUST A COMMUNICATING STAIR
FROM ONE LEVEL TO THE OTHER YOU
DON'T HAVE DOORS.
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU COULD
RECONFIGURE A STAIR TO GET AN
EXTRA COUPLE OF RISERS LIKE AT
THE BOTTOM AT RIGHT ANGLES AND
DO EVERYTHING YOU WANT TO DO
BUT STILL MEET THE REQUIREMENTS
FOR THE RISER RUN YOU KNOW,
CODE REQUIREMENTS.
SO I GUESS I'M ALSO ASKING YOU
TO GO TO DEPARTMENT.
DO THEY HAVE TO HAVE A FIRE
RATED ENCLOSURE EARLIER
REPORTER I GUESS IT IS THE WAY
THAT WE DID IT THAT'S YOU'RE
SAYING THAT YOU THINK THAT YOU
CAN EXTEND YOUR THINKING THAT
WE CAN EXTEND THE BUT WE CAN'T
I BELIEVE WE HAVE DONE IT.
THE REASON IS HOW FAR IT HAS TO
COME DOWN BEFORE IT HITS A
SOLID CONCRETE WALL THAT'S
THAT'S HAD SPACE.
IT'S THE HEAD SPACE THAT YOU I
KNOW THAT IT LOOKS LIKE THERE'S
ROOM AT THE BOTTOM FOUR MORE
STEPS BUT NO NO I DON'T MEAN
YOU HAVE TO HAVE THAT SAME
RIGHT DIRECTION OF WELL THE WAY
YOU'VE GOT IT.
FIRST OF ALL, LET'S LET'S BACK
UP A SECOND SO THE STAIR
DOESN'T HAVE TO BE ENCLOSED OR
FIRING.
IT CAN BE AN OPEN COMMUNICATING
STEP.
IS THAT RIGHT NOW?
SO I HAVE VALUATION IN THAT
REGARD.
THE WHOLE NEW YEAR WAS FOR
RATHER WELL BECAUSE I THINK
THEY'RE GOING TO HAVE OTHER
PROBLEMS DOING IT THIS WAY AND
HAVING HAVING DOORS AT THE
BOTTOM AND NOT BEING ABLE TO
MAKE THE HANDRAILS WORK.
AND IF YOU DON'T WANT TO DO
THIS AGAIN, IT'S POSSIBLE
BECAUSE THIS IS THE PLAY FOR
BACK IN JUNE OR JULY BUT YOU
HAVEN'T GOT THAT RIGHT AND
OFTEN WHEN YOU BARRENGER COURSE
WE'LL GET THE PICTURES OF THE
EXISTING CONDITIONS.
WE DON'T REALLY HAVE ANY
OF THAT MAKES A LITTLE
DIFFICULT FOR US TO UNDERSTAND
THE LIFE AND THE BRAND AND
SUPPORTING THE YOU KNOW,
LIMITED CLEARANCES FOR HEADROOM
SO THAT MAKES A LITTLE BIT MORE
DIFFICULT FOR US TO REVIEW PART
OF OPERATION OF ONE TO ONE
COMMENT ABOUT THE STAFF REPORT
WE SAID THERE WASN'T ANY
EXCEPTIONS TO THE RISE AND RUN
REGULATION IN THAT CHAPTER BUT
THERE ARE TWO EXCEPTIONS FOR
OUR TO USE AND ANY MORE
PROVOCATION ON THAT.
SO WE ARE TO EXPLORE INSIDE THE
COMMENTARY IT SPEAKS TO INSIDE
MISSES LIKE THAT FOR PEOPLE
WITH A DISABILITY THIS DENHA I
ASSUME SOME PEOPLE WORK THERE
AND OTHER COUNTRIES ARE
ALLOWED, SAID OR CAN COME AND
GO AS THEY PLEASE AND YOU ALSO
TALK ABOUT FREQUENTLY
FRATERNITY MEMBERS AND GUESTS.
SO I DON'T THINK THE INTEND
HERE IN THIS SITUATION IS THAT
SO THIS IS I MEAN THEY ARE TO
USE AS YOU THERE LIKE A
TOWNHOUSE OR A DUPLEX OR IN
THIS CASE A FRATERNITY WHICH
WOULD BE SLEEPING ROOM.
SO THE AREA WOULD BE CONSIDERED
INSIDE THE DWELLING UNIT,
CORRECT.
BECAUSE THEY'RE NOT INDIVIDUAL
UNITS OR SLEEPING ROOMS BUT
IT'S A COMMON USE.
THERE IS A SHARED STAIRWAY BUT
IT'S A COMMON AREA.
I WOULD SEE IT MORE AS LIKE AN
AREA OF APARTMENT THAT WAS MADE
FOR PEOPLE AND USE OF THE
BASEMENT DOESN'T CHANGE AT ALL.
IT'S STILL GOING TO STAY A
RECREATION OF BEING YOU
DESCRIBED THE USE OF THAT SPACE
.
WHAT HAPPENS DOWN THERE?
LET'S LOOK AT THE CABLES HERE.
WHAT WELL, THERE IS A ROOM WITH
A POOL TABLE IN IT.
THERE'S A LARGER ROOM THAT'S A
GATHERING ROOM WITH A TV AND
THEN THERE'S A THIRD ROOM WHICH
IS A STUDY ROOM AND THOSE WERE
RECENTLY PERMITTED AND
FINISHED.
ASOS USES YOU KNOW, IT LOOKS
LIKE THERE'S A DOOR DIRECTED TO
THE OUTSIDE FROM SPACE.
CORRECT.
AND THAT STAIRS SOMEWHAT
OCCUPIED SOUTHERN LEBANON.
WHAT DOES THAT STAIRWAY AND
THAT WAS THAT WAS ALSO BUILT
ONE HUNDRED YEARS AGO SO YEAH.
SO IT'S PROBABLY THE SAME
TENANT I WOULD SAY IT WOULD NOT
MEET THIS 7-ELEVEN REQUIREMENT.
IT'S STEEPER AND NARROWER THAN
CURRENT COACH AND THAT'S KIND
OF EMERGING ACTUALLY ONLY THAT
THAT PEOPLE ASKING ME AROUND
YOU KNOW THAT NOBODY EVER USES
THAT
AND RECONSTRUCTION OF THE
STAIRS AND OUT OF WOOD OR OUT
OF CONCRETE THEY WOULD BE THERE
CURRENTLY DESIGNED TO BE WOOD
FRAME
.
THERE'S ALSO A SECTION IN THERE
I SEE IN THE DRAWINGS YOU
CALLED THIS TO BE
CODE COMPLIANCE FOR COMPLIANCE
WITH THE MICHIGAN
REHABILITATION CODE .
WHAT YOU DID INDICATE WHAT
LEVEL OF INNOVATION IS I THINK
IT WAS A QUESTION IN THE PLAN
NEW WAS A LEVEL ONE, LEVEL TWO,
LEVEL THREE.
YEAH, IT WASN'T INDICATED ON
THE PLAN JUST IT JUST
REFERENCED THE EXISTING NUMBER
LEVEL BASED ON THE
RECONFIGURATION OF SPACE.
I WAS FUNCTIONING UNDER THE
ASSUMPTION THAT IT'S A LEVEL TO
THAT ALSO A SECTION IN THERE
THAT I THINK THAT REFERS TO
BACK TO I THINK CHAPTER FOUR
OF THE REHAB CODE ABOUT FOUR OR
THREE THAT TALKS ABOUT YOU
KNOW, WHEN YOU DO HAVE LIMITED
SPACES AND STAIRWAYS LIKE THIS
AND SIMILAR TO TODAY THE
PREVIOUS CODE WHEN YOU HAVE
TYPE TYPE CONDITIONS FOR THAT
YOU LIMITED THE REBUILDING OF A
LIMITED SPACE.
BUT I DON'T KNOW IF WE HAVE
ENOUGH DOCUMENTATION TO
CONFIRM, YOU KNOW, THE LIMITED
SPACE REQUIREMENTS HEADROOM THE
WAY THE CONFIGURATION OF THE
STAIRWAY IS.
I MEAN YOU NEED YOU NEED
SOMETHING A DRAWING ACTUALLY
SHOWING WHAT THE EXISTING I
THINK WHAT THE EXISTING LAYOUT
IS WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT THE WHAT
THE LIMITATION AS YOU SAY
THERE'S STILL MEAN YOU CAN TAKE
OUT THE ALREADY TAKING ON ONE
SIDE WELL BECAUSE YOU'RE GOING
FROM THREE FEET WITH THE FOUR
FEET AND WENT SO THAT WAS
COMING OUT SO YEAH THAT'S
THERE'S IT'S ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THAT YOU THINK WELL YEAH
YOU'RE MAKING DESCRIPTIONS
OF MODIFICATIONS OF THE
STRUCTURE BUT YOU'RE SAYING
THERE'S OTHER THINGS YOU CAN'T
CHANGE STRUCTURALLY AND TEMPORA
TO SEE THEM AND DRAWING AND
UNDERSTAND WHAT THE WHAT THE
LIMITATIONS THERE ARE.
SO YOU KNOW THAT THAT FIRST
TRED GOING DOWN CAN THAT MOVE
BACK AND LONGER RUN?
>> NO, IT'S RIGHT ON BEING THE
START OF THE STAIRS AT THE ONE
AND THEN THERE'S ANOTHER BEING
YEAH.
AND SO YOU HAVE TO BE ABLE TO
GET THE CLEARANCE UNDERNEATH
THAT OTHER B SO WE DON'T YOU
DON'T SEE THAT WITH THAT WE
DON'T WE WE DON'T HAVE YOU KNOW
YOU CAN MODIFY IT MAKES IT
DIFFICULT FOR US TO REVIEW IT.
YOU'RE SAYING THERE'S A LOT
OF THINGS IN THE WAY THAT
PREVENT YOU FROM MODIFYING IT
BUT WE DON'T HAVE ANY YOU KNOW,
INFORMATION.
BUT I THOUGHT I WAS JUST PUT TO
SHOW HOW IT WOULD BE BUILT
MAYBE PROPOSED IN YOU KNOW,
LIKE IF YOU'VE GOT TO GO FOR
THAT THAT MICHIGAN
REHABILITATION CODE CHAPTER
FOUR THAT YOU'RE THAT YOU'RE
WORKING WITHIN THE LIMITATIONS
OF THE SPACE YOU CAN'T MODIFY
ANY FURTHER FOR STRUCTURAL
REASONS.
WE'D WANT TO KNOW WHAT THOSE
ARE IF IT WOULD MAKE A
DIFFERENCE TO THE BOARD.
I THINK OUR CLIENTS WOULD BE
WILLING TO HAVE THIS MATTER
TABLE TODAY AND SUBMIT PICTURES
AND DOCUMENTATION FOR YOU IF
THAT MAY SWAY THE BOARD'S
DECISION.
YEAH, I THINK THAT WOULD BE
MAYBE THE BEST USE
OF INVESTIGATION TIMELINES TIME
TO DO THAT NOW WE CAN COME BACK
FOR PRESENT FOR
I MEAN THERE IS
AN EXCEPTION THERE THAT I'M
CURIOUS ABOUT THAT BECAUSE IT'S
GOING TO BE ARE TWO EXCEPTION
IN THE CODE .
IT DOESN'T TALK ABOUT HOW ARE
TO USE YOU KNOW, TO ME OR THE
COMMENTARY PORTION OF THAT
EVERYONE.
MM.
JUST THIRTY FIVE PEOPLE LIVING
IN THE HOUSE YOU'RE SAYING AND
THEN ALL THIRTY FIVE PROBABLY
FAMILIAR WITH THE STAIRWAY TO
THE YOU KNOW GUESTS WOULDN'T BE
FAMILIAR WITH DEPENDING HOW
OFTEN THEY COME OVER BUT THAT
THE RISE IN RUN OF THE STAIRWAY
SEVEN AND A QUARTER AND
TENANTRY QUARTER LONG IS PRETTY
CLOSE TO A NORMAL RESIDENTIAL
STAIR YOU KNOW SO IT'S NOT LIKE
I THOUGHT WELL THAT'S A
QUESTION I THOUGHT ABOUT BUT
I'M SO WHAT IS THE ACTUAL
DIMENSION OF THE TREAD BECAUSE
THE CODE DEFINITION IS FROM
DOZING EDGE TO NOSING EDGE.
SO IS THAT TEN AND THREE
QUARTERS OF AN INCH OR IS IT
TEN INCHES?
IT'S TEN INCHES YEAH THAT SORT
OF THING IS IS TINY THREE
QUARTER SO IT'S A FALLING SHORT
.
IT IS BUT IT ALSO IT ALSO IS
SORT OF WEIRD HOW THEY
MENTIONED IT THAT THEY SAY THAT
THE FLAT PART OF THE TREAD IS
SUPPOSED TO BE 11 INCHES AND SO
THEY DON'T SAY THAT THEY DON'T
IT'S LIKE IT GOES AROUND SORT
OF VAGUE ABOUT WHAT THAT MEANS.
SO WE'RE TEN TO THREE QUARTERS
THAT'S HOW MUCH FLAT YOU'RE
ALREADY KNOWS YOU'RE GOING TO
NINETY NINE NOT TO CHARTRAND,
RIGHT.
>> I MEAN THERE'S HARDLY
ANYBODY EVER HAS ELEVEN AND
THREE QUARTER NOBODY DOES THAT.
>> WHAT DO YOU MEAN ELEVEN IF
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR THE ELEVEN
AND BEING THE HORIZONTAL PIECE
WHEN YOU GO TO ELEVEN YOU DON'T
NEED TO HAVE A NOISY PASCHI
RIGHT.
BUT YOU'RE LESS THAN THAT.
YOU NEED TO HAVE A NOSEY PAST
RIGHT.
EXACTLY EXACTLY.
SO YOU DON'T HAVE THE ELEVEN SO
BASICALLY IT'S IT'S THE SAME
THING.
IT'S BASICALLY A QUARTER OF AN
INCH AND I MEAN THE STAIRS
RIGHT NOW ARE CRAZY STEEP AND
THERE YOU HAVE STEEL THOSE
THINGS ON THEM THAT HAVE
COMPLETELY WORN DOWN SO THEY'RE
SUPER SMOOTH.
SO PEOPLE THESE GUYS ARE LIKE
FALLING DOWN THERE.
>> THEY HAVE BEEN FOREVER IS
THE BUILDING SPRINKLER?
NO, NO IT IS IT IS HAVE ALARMS
THAT ARE A SMOKE AND HEAT
DETECTION AND PULSE STATIONS
MONITORED ALARM SYSTEM.
IT BASICALLY IS FIREPROOF.
THERE'S NOTHING IN IT EXCEPT
FOR LIKE DRAPES FURNISHINGS
THAT IT'S INTERESTING BECAUSE
OF THE APPLICATION TALK ABOUT
IT BEING A THREE DAY TYPE
OF CONSTRUCTION AND COMBUSTIBLE
WOULD BE A TYPE TWO
CONSTRUCTION.
SO IF I REJOICE SOMEWHERE BUT
THERE IS NO ONE ANYWHERE YOU
KNOW, EXCEPT FOR LIKE TRIM
AROUND DON'T YOU?
YEAH.
SO BUT IT'S SOLID CONCRETE.
>> IT'S CRAZY.
YOU MAY BE ME MAYBE YOU HAVE A
BETTER CONSTRUCTION TYPE THAN
THREE YOU KNOW THREE EIGHT
WITHIN FIVE WALLS AND MOST
OF THE CONSTRUCTION SO YEAH THE
ONLY THING OVER ANYTHING IS
PLASTER WHICH IS ALSO YEAH.
LIKE COMBUSTIBLE SO YEAH YEAH.
SO THAT HAS A POTENTIAL VALUE
OF FIRE RESISTANT SO WHEN YOU
JUST LOOKING AT THE I GUESS
IT'S THE BASEMENT PLAN IF YOU
WERE TO TAKE OFF TO RISERS AND
HAVE A LANDING AT THE BOTTOM
AND TURN THE STAIR ONE MORE
TIME, WOULD THAT BE ABLE WOULD
YOU BE ABLE TO MAKE THE
GEOMETRY WORK THAT WAY?
THIS IS WHAT HE'S SAYING FOR
THE LANDING HERE AND THEN PUT
TWO STEPS THERE AND THEN THE
QUESTION DO YOU REALLY NEED DO
YOU REALLY NEED THE STAIR TO
DISCHARGE BOTH WAYS?
WELL, THE REASON IS THERE'S NO
WAY TO GET IN THAT ROOM NOW
THERE'S THAT WALL THAT I'D HAVE
TO SHOW YOU BUT BASICALLY THEY
THAT THAT'S GOING TO BE THE WAY
TO GET INTO THAT.
WHAT'S IT CALLED IN HERE?
UTILITY ROOM OVER HERE KNOW WE
DID GREAT.
YEAH.
THEY CUT THIS BACK HERE.
YEAH THAT WOULD BE THE WORK IT
I GUESS YEAH.
YEAH SOMETHING HERE YEAH.
TURN LIKE YEAH YEAH YEAH CLOSE
YEAH.
AND THAT'S WHY I KEEP ASKING
YOU WHY THERE HAS TO BE SORT
OF WHETHER THIS THERE HAS TO BE
ENCLOSED OR NOT.
>> YEAH BUT THE ONE REASON IS
THEY SORT OF WANT TO BE ABLE TO
CLOSE THAT ROOM OFF BECAUSE
OF THE NOISE ONE FOR ONE REASON
BUT THEY WANTED THEY WANTED TO
BE ABLE TO THIS ENTIRE TIME YOU
GO DOWN THE STAIRS AND IT'S
OPEN TO THE WHOLE BASEMENT AND
THE IDEA WAS TO BE ABLE TO
CLOSE OFF THE DOOR TO THE
BASEMENT SINCE THAT'S WHERE ALL
THE LOUD THINGS HAPPEN.
>> BUT YOU ONLY NEED ONE DOOR
THEN LIKE AT THE TOP.
WELL, THERE IS THERE IS A DOOR
AT THE TOP I BELIEVE.
I MEAN IT IT'S NOT THE BEST FOR
WELL I GUESS WHERE I'M GOING
WITH THIS IS IF THE IF THE
STAIR DOESN'T HAVE TO BE A FIRE
RATED THERE AND YOU KNOW,
CONFIGURED THE WAY YOU'RE
SHOWING IT AND LET'S JUST SAY
IT WAS A COMMUNICATOR THERE AND
I GUESS THIS IS ALSO FOR THE
BUILDING DEPARTMENT WILL THAT
WOULD THAT HELP YOU WITH YOUR
GEOMETRY IF YOU COME DOWN TO
THE BOTTOM OF THE STAIR AND
INSTEAD OF HAVING THE LANDING
THE WAY YOU HAVE IT, YOU CUT
BACK TWO STEPS, MAKE A RIGHT
ANGLE, TURN TO THE BOTTOM?
>> I'M NOT TOTALLY SURE BECAUSE
ONE OF THE ISSUES WITH WHERE IT
IS I'D HAVE TO DO THAT IN 3D.
I DO THE THINGS IN 3D IN
COMPUTER.
THE ISSUE IS WHERE THAT LANDING
IS THE FIRST LANDING YOU GO
DOWN TO LANDING AND THEN YOU
TAKE A LEFT OFF.
SO THAT'S THAT RIGHT THERE.
THAT SPOT IS THE TRICKIEST IN
THIS WHOLE THING ABOUT THE THE
HEADROOM.
SO IF YOU CONTINUE DOWN THERE'S
A HUGE BEAM THAT THAT RUNS ON
THIS UP AND DOWN THE PAGE NEXT
TO THE STAIRS TO THE RIGHT
OF THE STAIRS AND THAT'S ONE
THE MAIN BEAMS.
SO I WOULD HAVE TO SEE IF THE
STEPS IF YOU GO DOWN TO A
LANDING AT THE BOTTOM VERY
BOTTOM OF THIS AND THEN YOU
HAVE TWO MORE STEPS I'D HAVE TO
SEE IF THERE'S ENOUGH HEADROOM
TO DO THAT.
SO I APPRECIATE THE SUGGESTION
IF WE CAN HAVE A DETERMINATION
THAT THIS CAN BE A
COMMUNICATING STAIR AGAIN IF
THIS WERE TABLED I THINK WE
COULD GO BACK AND EXAMINE THAT
AS AN OPTION.
I WOULD ADVOCATE FOR THAT
BECAUSE I THINK THAT'S GOING TO
HELP YOU A LOT NOT ONLY HERE IN
TERMS OF FUNCTIONALITY BUT
BEING ABLE TO MEET THE
CODE WHERE YOU WANT TO.
AND I THINK IT'S IT'S LAUDABLE
THAT YOU'RE TRYING TO MAKE THIS
WORK BETTER ESPECIALLY YOU
KNOW, GIVEN HOW THE SPACE IS
BEING USED AND AND THE FACT
THAT EVEN THOUGH THE BUILDING
IS FIREPROOF THAT IT'S NOT
SPRINKLERED BUT YOU KNOW,
THERE'S ANOTHER WAY A SAFER WAY
UP AND DOWN FROM THOSE LEVELS.
AND AGAIN, I DON'T WANT TO TAKE
THIS TOO FAR, BUT I DO THINK
THAT YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE A
PROBLEM WITH THOSE HANDRAILS AT
THE VERY BOTTOM AND THE
INTERMEDIATE HANDRAIL BECAUSE
YOU'RE GOING AROUND THE WONDER
THAT GOING UP IN INCHES WIDE.
YEAH.
SO ALL OF THAT IS TO SAY THAT I
PERSONALLY THINK THERE'S MAYBE
ANOTHER SOLUTION THERE AND IT
WOULD BE THROUGH NOT HAVING
TO
TREAT THAT AS A FIRE AND
CLOSURE.
HEY, LOOK AT THE CEILING HEIGHT
DOWNSTAIRS IT LOOKS LIKE THE
FORCE WAS ONLY ABOUT A FOOT
THICK WHICH MEANS YOU HAVE
ABOUT EIGHT POINT EIGHT AND
CEILING HEIGHT DOWN THERE AS
WELL.
>> IT DEPENDS TO THE TO YEAH
FOR NIGHT IT'S IT'S ABOUT NINE
FEET WHERE THERE'S NO BEAMS BUT
THE BEAMS COME DOWN LIKE 16 OR
18 INCHES DEPENDING ON WHERE
YOU ARE RIGHT.
THEY HAVE IT HERE.
YEAH.
COULD BRING IN A WINTER HELP
LIKE BREAKING THE LANDING INTO
THREE STEPS THAT THAT WOULD
YEAH I DIDN'T THINK THAT THAT
WAS GOING TO YEAH.
SO THERE WAS A MINIMUM
DIMENSIONS TWO SIX INCHES
AROUND THE CORNER I THINK THERE
ARE THERE ARE THE CONFIGURATION
IF THERE WAS A WAY TO DO IT
WITHOUT WINDERS IT WOULD BE
SAFER RIGHT?
SURE.
PRESSURE WELL SINCE THERE'S NOT
A FIRE IF IT'S NOT AS A FIRE
GOING TO A WINDOW IT WOULD HELP
PULL THAT STAIR BACK FOR THE
GIVING YOU'RE GIVING YOUR 12
INCH OR 10 INCH PAST FOR
HANDRAIL.
YEAH.
YEAH, I'M SURE THAT ALL THE
CONFIGURATIONS COULD WORK
THERE.
OK, SO ANY OTHER DISCUSSION
OF A MOTION TO TABLE I GUESS
CLARITY THAT THEY WANT TO TABLE
AT RIGHT.
YOU KNOW, GIVEN WHAT HAS BEEN
DISCUSSED I THINK WE CAN COME
BACK AND PROVIDE ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION THAT WILL GIVE US A
BETTER CHANCE TO EITHER DEVELOP
A COMPLIANT STAIR OR PROVIDE
ADEQUATE BASIS FOR THE BOARD TO
MAKE A DECISION ON WHETHER WHAT
WE PROPOSED IS ADEQUATE.
OK,
MOTION MOTION TO TABLE OFF
THE TABLE.
YOU LAY ON THE TABLE AND THEN
YOU NEED A MOTION KICK IT OFF
THE TABLE FROM WHICH I MEAN IF
YOU WANT TO PUSH FORWARD WITH A
CERTAIN YOU SAY I TO BE ABLE TO
BE PART OF SOMETHING IF YOU
WANT A TABLE WHICH MEANS JUST
SHOUTING WITHOUT A DATE THAT'S
THE WAY TO DO IT.
YOU WANT TO POSTPONE IT TO A
DATE CERTAIN YOU CAN DO THAT AS
WELL WHATEVER THE BODY WANTS WE
CAN T WELL I MEAN WILL YOU BE
READY BY THE NEXT MEETING TO
HAVE YOUR ANSWER THE APRIL 17TH
MEETING ON APRIL 17TH SO IS
YOUR NEXT MEETING DATE OK SO
JUST ASK PROCEDURALLY WHAT DATE
WOULD WE HAVE TO TURN IN THE
INFORMATION TUESDAY ONE OR TWO
WEEKS AHEAD OF THE TARGET APRIL
17 MEETING AND VERY TYPICAL I
WOULD SAY SO YOU GIVE THEM
SIXTY DAYS AND THEN THEY CAN
HAPPEN WHEN YOU'VE GOT YOU
GIVES YOU CAN KIND OF STUFF
WELL BUT WE'RE GOING TO RUN OUT
OF TIME FOR BEING ABLE TO BUILD
IT IS THE PROBLEM YOU KNOW AND
ALSO YOU NEED THE MATERIAL LIKE
A WEEK IN ADVANCE WITH THE M
GETTING IN AND THINGS LIKE
THAT.
LOOK IT'S SOMETHING TO THINK
ABOUT A READ INTO THAT WHATEVER
YOU WANT.
YEAH.
OK, WE'LL WORK WITH MISS HARVEY
TO DETERMINE THE APPROPRIATE
LEAD TIME AND MAKE SURE THAT WE
CAN SUBMIT BY THAT DATE EITHER
BY THE APRIL OR THE MAY MEETING
WITH YOUR DEADLINE FOR
CONSTRUCTION OR IS THERE A
DEADLINE FOR US?
THE DEADLINE RELATES TO
CONSTRUCTION IN THAT THE
TENANTS MOVE OUT ON MAY 5TH AND
THEY MOVE BACK IN ON APRIL OR
AUGUST 17TH AND WE ARE TOLD
THAT NO TANYA AND THE WE ARE
MOVING STRUCTURAL AND STEEL
INTERIOR.
WE'RE BUILDING A NEW TWENTY TWO
FOOT CONCRETE BLOCK WALL AND
THINGS LIKE THAT.
IT'S MUCH EASIER TO DO IT WHEN
THE YOUNG MEN AREN'T IN THE
BUILDING.
I PROPOSE TO GIVE A TABLE FOR
SIXTY DAYS THAT WOULD GIVE THEM
MAYBE A WEEK OR TWO TO GET
STUFF ON THEN WE COULD DO FOR
THEM TO PROCESS IT BECAUSE WE
SAID TO A CERTAIN MEETING DATE
AND THEY DON'T MEET IT THEN
WHAT HAPPENED?
>> YEAH NO I THINK WE JUST PUT
ON THE SHELF AND LEAVE IT ON
THE SHELF AND THEN WHEN THEY'RE
READY TO COME BACK THEY'RE BUT
THEY'RE MAKING THAT MAY
FIFTEENTH THAT'S THE NEXT
MEETING IN THE MAY DAY.
SO PEOPLE IN APRIL 17 WEEKS IS
OVER.
THAT IS APRIL MAY.
>> SO WE CAN TABLE IT FOR YOU
KNOW, I'M SORRY.
ARE YOU GUYS GONNA BE READY IN
APRIL?
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE GOING TO DO
SO THERE'S NO REASON TO TABLE
THIS TO ME.
THE FLEXIBILITY THAT WE CAN
HAVE, THE MATERIALS TO THE
BUILDING DEPARTMENT ONE AT
LEAST ONE WEEK PRIOR TO THAT
MEETING IF THERE'S A WEEK I'M
SORRY THAT WOULD BE NEXT WEEK
AND YOU HAVE TO BE FIRST WEEK
IN APRIL IF YOU'RE GOING TO BE
ABLE TO KEEP THIS ISN'T THAT
MUCH WORK SO YOU'RE JUST IN
POSTFINANCE IF YOU HAPPEN TO BE
DONE BY APRIL AND SIMILAR
SPELLINGS ADDED TO APRIL TO ME.
OK, YEAH.
THANK YOU FOR THAT SILLY
SUGGESTION.
YEAH.
SO MOTION TO TABLE TO THE MAY
15TH PVA MEETING SECOND OH
SECOND NO I HAVE A MEETING IN A
SECOND I THOUGHT HE SAID THAT'S
RIGHT.
THAT'S RIGHT.
OK OK.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME TODAY
MR ON THE HERE.
WELL WHAT I WAS SAYING THAT IF
MS THEY'RE HERE AND THEY
CONTINUE WITH AROUND THE CORNER
LIKE THIS.
YEAH YES.
WHICH IS SECTION GIVES YOU TWO
I YOU LIKE TO RETURN.
OH NO I MOVE TO ADJOURN I
SECOND THOSE A FAVOR I FEEL
DRAWN TO TEN THEY OUGHT ABLE TO
DO IT